hi guys today we are going to show you
on a Mercedes ML 43220 it's all of them
w163 on all the way from 1998 to 2005
how to access the rear wiper motor all
if you have to be happy if you have a
bad house that's that's going to the
cleaning system of the wiper so you need
to open the trunk right there and then
on the side right here we have one clip
that you pushing and then with a
flathead screwdriver
it is white like that and pull the clip
there is one more like that okay it is
the clip how it works and there is one
more on the other side right here that
we already took off now next thing we
need to do is right here on the handle
there is one screw a few of screw like
that then next thing we need to do right
there on the top that's the third brake
light with a screw driver you cry in the
middle of VDS it has couple clips and he
just comes right off okay right there
four clips on it so we need to take this
one off as we already did
and now again with the screwdriver on
the front side and the side you need to
fight where it comes loose he has a few
clips in it and it slides to the back
okay like that it sure it has four four
clips that's why to the back next you
need to pry it open it has a couple
Clips sometimes they break you have to
be really careful with those especially
if it's an older vehicle and after you
release all the clips it pulls up and
then it comes off because those right
right there in this clip let me show
this one those they go right here so
this is the model for the windshield
wiper and this is the holes our house is
broken as you can see those leaking so
that's how it's really easy to replace
in infinity
thank you for watching please give us a
like if you are self Italian don't
forget to subscribe to our Channel